1. identity mode:
change layout, there should be a photo placeholder (if empty) on the left top side, and 2 buttons on the right (not taking the full screen as they are now -> "take photo" and "identify!", once
they are pressed they should swap to "re-take photo" and "re-set"), the response should be a clear field underneath labelled "Response", with a clear area outlined.

2. same changes as to the identity regarding the button layout and the image placeholder, but also should include "what do you need help with" label and a text field with clear area outlined for answer underneath, and underneath that area there must be "Reponse" label wit clearly outlined area for the response"
in the help screen, the button should be "talk to me" instead of "identify", and once pressed must switch into submit / reset instead of "re-set".

also there should be a flashing red symbol or icon that identifies that the audio recording is taking place.
the audio gets transcribed and put in the "what you need help with" field, after user stops the recording, they should be able to also manually add text/edit the transcription in that field.

3. notes ui is completely off:

it needs 2 modes -> video note mode (default) and photo mode.
there should be 2 buttons in the top right of the screen to switch between the 2 modes.
in the video mode, the user should see the preview or a placeholder (if not recording) of what they are recording, so they see  what they are recording.
once the "record note" button is pressed in the video mode, the flashing red light should go of and start flashing, and the transcription should start transcribing into the transcription field with a label "your note" just above it.
there should be "save" button and a bin icon button indicating the notes is thrown away. if once they press "record note" button it should turn into "stop" button, and once they press "save" button, it should turn into "new note" button.

depending on the note mode selected, the ui must be different.

the notes photo mode:
 there must be a grid of images (images they capture for the notes, or placeholders for any that are empty) - make it a grid of 6 images.
 there should be a "record note" utton, which starts audio recording, and the red flashing icon goes of as well as the transcription startts happenning. the idea is that the user turns of the audio note and starts walking around talking and taking images to add to the note.
 when they take a picture, it would be nice if they could preview or see what the camera sees before the picture is taken, on the native side there should be a flip camera side button. there also should eb a save and bin buttons, where save once pressed turns into "reset".

4. live stream screen:

the user should see red icon flashing when the stream is happenning, and should also see what they are streaming in an preview canvas in the left top of the screen, there should be "start stream" button to the right of the canvas (there should be some placem=holder whilst the stream is not going), the start stream button should get replaced by "stop" button once pressed. 
underneath that there should be "share your stream label" with the link field and copy / share buttons,
underneath that there should be a "number of viewers label" with the number of viewer count. 